Create first user automaticly (#69)
ADAH-EviDENce/evidence: README.md

docker-compose up
```

Frontend should now be usable at [``http://localhost:8080``](http://localhost:8080).

## Frontend users

The first page of the frontend forces you to select a user or gebruiker in Dutch.
A user called `demo` exists and can be selected.

### Change initial user

The initial user in the frontend can be renamed by setting the `FRONTEND_USER` environment variable before running `docker-compose up`.

For example to have `myinitialusername` as user do the following

```shell
# (starting from the repo root directory)
export EXPERIMENT=getuigenverhalen
export FRONTEND_USER=myinitialusername
docker-compose up
```

### Add additional users

> If the existing user is not enough. You can add a user to the frontend with the following command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the existing user is not enough, you can add a new user to the frontend with the following command:
```

(you can choose your own username by replacing `mynewusername` value in command)

```shell
export EXPERIMENT=getuigenverhalen
export FRONTEND_USER=mynewusername
docker-compose run usercreator
```

> To add more repeat the command with differnent values for `FRONTEND_USER`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add more users, repeat the command with different values for `FRONTEND_USER`.
```
